CARTER: Previously on Eureka.
HENRY: It's Kim.
More knowledge than
what mankind has learned
since the beginning of time
is locked inside Kim.
I became
the primary machine.
There's still an incredible
amount of information
locked inside of you,
and we have to figure
a way of getting it
out safely.
Hey! Hey.
Oh, hey, you.
That was fast.
Hey, you.
Good hair.
Oh.
Looks... I mean,
it always looks good,
but it looks, um,
gooder, better.
Well, curling iron.
Greatest invention
of the 20th century.
Yeah.
So, you're
missing something?
Uh, more like someone.
Kim.
Um, no. Just saw her
at Cafe Diem with Henry.
Case closed.
Kim is technically property
of G.D. and we haven't
downloaded her yet.
I mean, if she were a laptop,
Henry could be arrested for
taking her out of here.
He should know better.
Well, people take things
out of here all the time.
And it might help with
the downloading process.
A neural networking
specialist from Bethesda.
| just thought Henry
would take it better
coming from you.
Fair enough. I mean,
Henry had a rough time
when Kim died, so...
Yeah, that sucked.
Allison told me.
Finding the person
that makes you happy,
but not getting
the ever after.
I had fun
the other night,
the whole meteor thing.
Yeah, me, too.
Yeah?
You know, we should...
MANLIUS: Tess?
Tess the mess?
Is it you?
All me!
Impossible! Where's
the baggy sweatshirt?
Those red glasses,
the crazy hair?
Oh, God!
Oh, curling iron,
greatest invention
of the 20th century.
Um, Sheriff Jack Carter,
this is the neural
networking specialist
l was just
telling you about.
Dr. Bruce Manly.
Dr. Bruce Manlius.
He's here to help with...
Oh, help us.
Yes, I heard.
I didn't hear about
you guys all knowing
each other, though.
Yeah, I've known
these two lovely ladies
since I was their
TA at grad school.
Yes, when we were
more awkward than lovely.
We should do dinner.
Oh, I'm in bed
by 7:00 nowadays.
Well, then,
the two of us.
Okay.
Yeah, it'll be
a celebration of
downloading
the organic computer.
Which, by the way,
where is that?
Oh, with Henry
at Cafe Diem.
I'll be back,
uh, Manly.
Us. Dr. Manlius.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Bacon. Salty, right?
Right. Um,
how about this?
(SNIFFS)
Apple pie. Sweet.
But I like cherry better.
(CHUCKLES) Um...
ZOE: Hey.
Hi.
Next time you want
to impress a girl,
don't. Okay?
What?
You told Tess she could
have the baby shower
at our house
and now I'm stuck
planning it
with the harpies
because she's too busy.
The harpies?
Monroe, Draper and Bell.
lnfant development at G.D.
"Infantile" is
more like it.
They all want to impress
the boss and they are
driving Zoe crazy.
Can you sit
down, please?
I'm working.
I had school.
If you're not
going to take planning
this shower seriously...
Look,lcant
come to the G.D. gym
just because you guys
are multi-tasking maniacs.
And, no,
that wasn't a compliment.
(HENRY CHUCKLING)
Well, this looks
like a lot.
Well, Kim's sense
of smell is developing.
But eating isn't
on my menu.
And a sense of humor.
Yeah.
Yeah. Can I talk
to you for a sec?
Sure.
We've broken protocol.
You should take me back.
Uh, you're right.
You have to take her back.
This is genius.
A self-replicating mainframe
with who knows
how much storage
in each cell.
It has follicles
and pores.
A denser mass in
the skeletal frame.
Even its flesh
has a reasonable
degree of elasticity.
Her flesh,
and she can hear you.
Dr. Manlius is
doing his job.
I meant no offense.
But this, this is a remarkable
piece of technology you've
created, Dr. Deacon.
Kim Yamazaki and l
were the designers.
Well, let's see
what it can tell us.
I need to
test the data
extraction process
before we proceed
to the full download.
(STAMMERS)
What are you doing?
What did you think
I would do?
Everything's clear.
You can test anytime.
Your laser is connected
to the G.D. hydroelectric
cooling system.
Radiation.
Oh, well,
Bruce's technology
can momentarily
alter the shape of
an organic computing cell.
So an electrical impulse can
duplicate the data locked
within a structure.
If this works,
we'll be able
to copy Kim
without damaging
the original.
Kim stays safe.
Dr. Fontana,
would you assist?
I'm sorry, I should have
phrased that differently.
Activating shield.
(BEEPING)
Well, it must be
a little strange
calling your
former student "Doctor."
I meant asking
you to assist.
Activating laser.
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
and I respect that.
Thanks.
Activating current.
(BEEPING)
lrradiating its hair
should show us
ourchances
of unlocking
the rest of the data.
(BUZZING)
Whoa.
(BLEEPING)
(TESS EXCLAIMS)
My God! And that's
just a lock of hair.
TESS: Yeah.
MANLIUS: Imagine what's
inside that thing.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
(ALLISON LAUGHS)
Nice wrapping job, Jo.
Shocking, I know.
Oh.
(WOMEN EXCLAIMING)
Stain-free, co-polymer.
Okay, I guess she'll wear
this when Aunty Jo babysits.
(WOMEN CHUCKLING)
Aw!
What are you doing?
Well, my bib
isn't high-tech.
And you could've told me
it was just all women.
Well, I figured
you'd watch baseball.
I'm the birthing coach.
I take
my responsibility seriously.
(WOMEN EXCLAIMING)
"Self-adjusting size
to three years old." Wow!
(WOMEN EXCLAIMING)
ALLISON: Wow!
Okay, me next. This is
the future of baby monitors.
It actually lets you feel
what your baby is feeling
through biorhythmic sync.
(EXCLAIMS)
Three for three.
Uh, birthing partner,
come here.
Yes.
So when she's hungry,
you'll be hungry, too.
Tired, tummy ache,
you name it,
you'll know it.
Now, okay,
hold this over your heart.
(WHIRRING)
Okay.
Hold this
over her belly.
(BEEPING)
Now we sync up
your biorhythms.
(HEARTBEAT
ON MONITOR)
Wow!
That's a strong
healthy heart.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Mommy and baby
are connected.
This will revolutionize
child care.
Not as much as these.
Uh-oh.
Monitors are cute,
but they don't help
with messes.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
One Draper-Diap can hold
up to five times its
volume in water.
Now that's revolutionary.
But not as planet-friendly
as these.
(CHUCKLES)
Self-sanitizing bottles.
It's an incredible
new plastic technology
that actually bonds to
the liquid and releases
100% of it.
Saves on plastic,
water waste,
it's truly the perfect
baby gift.
Oh, and I made mimosas!
Oh, wait, one more gift.
We got a...
(CLEARS THROAT)
We got you, um,
a basket that
you can take all
your gifts home in.
(LAUGHS)
Which, you know...
Thank you, Carter.
So who wants to play
the bottle drinking game?
(UPBEAT MUSIC BLARING)
WOMAN: I do.
(EXCLAIMS)
(WOMEN LAUGHING)
All right.
(WOMEN WHOOPING)
JO: (ON PHONE)
Good morning, mimosa king.
You're late for work.
Yeah, I'm on my way,
and not so loud.
(LAUGHS) Well, you know,
you didn't have
to win the game.
Well, my manhood
was at stake.
But you know what,
I absolutely crushed them.
All right, well,
careful on the road.
That was some
storm last night.
Yeah, um,
looks that way.
Hey, Jo, I'll call you back.
I've got a vehicle off
the road.
(BEEPS)
(EXHALES)
Ma'am?
(WATER RUNNING)
Oh, my God!
JO: Dr. Monroe,
the baby monitor lady?
But how could this happen?
CARTER: She could have
gone off the road
on the way back
from the baby shower.
What's that smell?
But how did she
drown in a car?
Leaky sunroof.
It was raining pretty hard.
Where's Henry?
What is that smell?
Henry is staying with Kim.
I'll be doing the autopsy.
You?
Henry says
I've assisted him
enough to fly solo.
lwouldn't fly
in a plane with you.
It could be as simple
as a heart attack.
Or not. Someone could
have done this to her.
Well, there are far easier
ways to kill someone than
drowning them in a car.
Did she even
have any enemies?
Plenty of people at G.D.
wouldn't have minded
that particular
baby researcher gone.
Next year's grants
have been cut.
Fewerjobs.
People get desperate.
I'm going to need
a list of the people
that could get downsized.
Sheriff, open the car.
Me?
Yeah, this might
be a crime scene.
How would it look
if I compromised evidence
for my first gig
as medical examiner?
That's the smell.
Tuna,egg,and
cream cheese burrito,
with horseradish.
Ugh!
You want a bite?
No, I'm good.
ALLISON: Dr. Monroe?
That's terrible.
l was just getting to
know her because
of the baby shower.
Yeah, Fargo's doing
the autopsy right now.
It could have
been an accident.
Or it could have been
one of the people on
this grant list.
The car was
perfectly sealed.
(BEEPING)
Someone had to fill it.
We've narrowed
it down to four.
The rest have alibis.
So you think
that G.D. scientists
are killing each other
over grant research?
That's ridiculous.
No one on that list
is capable of...
I know of two,
Draper and Bell.
The type-A's
that I planned
your party with.
They would eat
their own young
if they thought
it would impress you.
Carter, please find out
what happened.
Top priority before
rumors start to spread.
Sure.
Draper did it.
(SIGHS) See what I mean?
Fargo, please don't
jump to conclusions.
These are people
that we know.
Well, all I know is
Dr. Monroe's lungs were
like sponges.
Every cell in her body
was bursting with water.
Yeah, but isn't
that what happens
when someone drowns?
Not unless there's
a super-absorbency
technology involved.
Sound familiar?
Death by Draper-Diap.
I rest my case.
Well, Draper's research
does involve micro-fibers,
that if inhaled or ingested
in major quantities
might cause this kind of
water retention.
Okay, I'll find Draper.
You want to talk to Bell?
And, Fargo, if you'd check
the body for microfibers.
Hey, and no speculation
until we figure
this thing out.
(EXHALES)
Wow, um, either of you guys
have the mimosas last night?
Oh, I learned that lesson
at an astronomy conference
in Puerto Rico.
Mmm.
Oh, and by the way,
there's an asteroid
event tomorrow night.
Feel like
stargazing again?
Again?
(STAMMERS)
lcant.lhave”.
Our first birthing class
is tomorrow.
Oh.
I didn't know you
were that into it.
Oh, I am, I am.
And actually, tell Henry
I'm going to stop by later
after I figure out
how a woman could drown
in the middle of a highway.
(SIGHS) Hell of a hangover.
Bye.
I am so confused.
I thought he liked me.
Carter?
Well, we went on this date
and I thought we had
agmmﬂme
Oh! You went on a date?
No, an almost date.
(STAMMERS) And, we, he...
Oh, God, I suck at this.
(CHUCKLES)
So do you like him?
Like, "like" like?
I... Yeah.
I mean, I think I do.
Dad, is Dr. Monroe
really dead?
Yeah, I'm afraid so.
Do you have any leads?
Maybe.
(STAMMERS) Yeah, could you
make me one of those to go?
I'm just starving.
Okay.
Sorry.
So, Dr. Draper.
You still working on
the, uh, Draper-Diap?
(TYPING)
Every G8 country
is trying to perfect
ultra-absorption technology.
I don't plan on
letting them beat me.
Well, just like you didn't
want Monroe to beat you
to next year's grant?
(COUGHING)
Look, I've known
Monroe for years.
I'm very competitive.
I didn't kill her.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
HENRY: The data extraction
worked on your hair.
Now we'll try
the rest of you.
So do you think
this is okay?
It's what
we need to do.
I need to know
what you think, Henry.
You're the one I trust.
I think Manlius knows
what he's doing.
Activating
cooling system.
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
(CHUCKLES)
You realize how
strange that sounds?
Yes.
MANLIUS: Activating
isolation shield.
HENRY: Okay. That
didn't come down before.
KIM: Henry?
MANLIUS:
Higher radiation levels
require the lead shield.
No worries, we'll keep
an eye on her with
the infrared scanner.
MANLIUS: Activating laser.
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
(GRUNTING) Henry!
This looks wrong.
And activating current.
She's saying something.
(GRUNTING)
Well, we can't
stop in mid-process,
we might damage the data.
What about her?
She is the data.
(GROANING)
We could cause more harm
if we don't finish.
(YELLING)
More than that?
Stop the transfer!
He's right!
Shut it down!
(ALARM RINGING)
(KIM GRUNTING)
(KIM PANTING)
I'm sorry,
it's not working.
It's all right.
Come on.
(GROANING)
Your radiation levels
were way too high.
They were hurting her.
(SIGHS) We're going
to have to close early
until I can figure out
where this leak is
coming from.
As soon as
people are done,
you can leave.
Plumbing emergency!
If everyone could just
finish up and go home,
that would be awesome.
You don't need to
eat that, go home.
(LAPTOP BEEPING)
(WATER RUNNING)
Dr. Draper?
(GASPS)
I think we've
found our leak.
My preliminary,
albeit well-trained,
forensic analysis leads me
to the obvious conclusion.
She drowned.
Dr. Monroe also drowned
and they were both at
the baby shower.
I get it how someone could
absorb water or drown in
a flooded car,
but, I mean, in a bathroom?
Well, I mean, maybe
it was out of the air?
It's been humid
since the storm.
Doubtful, even with
a high vapor pressure,
you couldn't precipitate
that much liquid from
the atmosphere.
(SIGHS)
So where did
the water come from?
From them.
Them, who?
Monroe and Draper.
Maybe they weren't
absorbing water,
maybe they were
making it.
Well, the human body
only holds about
ten gallons of water.
That wouldn't
fill up a car.
Draper was sweating so badly
that a glass of water slipped
right out of her hand.
Maybe she was
making extra water,
like overproducing it.
I'll need to
see more evidence
to buy that theory.
(WATER SQUIRTING)
Maybe I should
test the water.
Please.
Look, I've been all
over the diagnostics
and there was
no malfunction
in the system.
Look again.
Henry, Kim reacted
so violently
because her cellular
structure is changing.
Well, it's understandable.
She's been exposed to
new stimuli,
but new neural pathways
should form...
Changing for the worse.
She's decaying and we're
not exactly sure why.
But if we can't find another
way to access that data,
it could all be gone
in a matter of days,
maybe hours.
And because
she is the data...
She'll be gone.
Hey, Fargo.
Samples from Dr. Draper
and Dr. Monroe.
Looks like water.
Pure water. Neutral pH.
No bacteria,
no contaminants.
You know what that means?
No, actually.
It's synthetic.
Dr. Rivers makes it
in her lab.
Synthetic water?
Yeah, you should meet her.
RIVERS: I've been
in synthetic water
research for 10 years.
It's a spectacular
achievement.
The proper rotation of
the hydrogen atoms alone...
But regular water is
still fine though, right?
Well, there's fine
and then there's perfect.
We have two bodies,
and both of them are filled
with your synthetic water.
That's awful. How?
Well, we think that
your water made them
drown from the inside out.
That's impossible.
My water is perfectly safe.
It's used throughout Eureka,
tracked and recycled right
back here.
You probably showered
in it this morning.
That's, uh,
very assuring.
Thank you.
You okay, Sheriff?
Yes, yeah, if we could...
No, actually,
do you have a bathroom?
Through the door
to the left.
Thank you.
SARAH: Sheriff,
are you all right?
That's your third
visit to the bathroom
since you've been home.
(EXCLAIMS)
You try working on
a case all about water.
Um, SARAH?
Is something wrong?
Your blood pressure seems
to be higher than usual.
Yeah, um, my pants are tight.
Have you been putting my
uniform in the dryer again?
I used a dry cleaning
process to avoid shrinking.
Perhaps you overindulged
in the mini-quiches
at the baby shower.
Oh, please. I had 10.
Speaking of which,
you finish the analysis?
Yes, no traces
of synthetic water
in any of the foods
or beverages consumed
at the party.
How about the mimosas?
I haven't had a hangover
like this in years.
Would you like me to
run that analysis again?
Uh, no, no... Yes, wait.
How about Dr. Bell's
self-sanitizing bottle?
I mean, that's what
the mimosas were in.
What'd she say
about that?
"Incredible new
plastic technology.
"Bonds to any liquid
then releases 100% of it."
Like maybe into the body of
the person who's drinking it?
Like me?
Sheriff Carter?
(CARTER GROANS)
Tell me he's not here
to do another autopsy.
I have enough bodies
on my hands already.
(EXHALES)
I was sure I was
the next drowning victim.
You're just
a little bloated.
You passed out
from a combination
of high blood pressure
and low blood sugar.
So I'm not drowning at all.
Nothing in your lungs,
but your condition
is serious.
What condition is that?
Couvade Syndrome.
I had Bruce examine you.
He's an expert on
neural pathway anomalies.
How serious is this?
You're pregnant.
Excuse me?
(LAUGHS)
It's sympathy pregnancy.
Some men can
develop symptoms
when they worry too much
about their pregnant...
Their birthing partners.
So I'm feeling this
because of you?
The mind is
a very powerful force.
If you believe
in something long enough,
the body can make it happen.
I don't understand.
I was exposed to the water
that came out of Monroe,
and Zoe was exposed to
the water that came
out of Draper.
We know that syn water
can't enter the body
through contact.
It has to be absorbed
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
directly into
the bloodstream.
Why don't you...
Hey, Jo.
Yeah, I'll be right there.
Well, drink
a Red Bull, Fargo.
We've got another case.
Someone else
from my shower?
No ID yet,
but I want everyone
who was at that party
tested for syn water.
Just because I'm fine
doesn't mean that
everyone else will be.
I found her
this morning
when I opened up.
She usually closes
the place by herself
after she finishes cleaning.
And she was here
all day before that?
Yeah. Her shift
starts at noon.
She takes care of the steam
and sauna during the day,
then sanitizes
the whole area
after she's done.
(JO SIGHS)
Guess this kills our theory
that the baby shower was
the cause.
Maybe this one
was just clumsy.
Slipped, whacked her head,
and drowned in the tub.
It's possible.
I don't think so. I mean,
she's wearing rubber gloves.
You don't fill
the tub with water
to clean it, right?
It was empty
when she started.
So this one turned into
Old Faithful like the others.
CARTER: So it wasn't
the baby shower.
(WHIRRING)
But she must have
something in common
with Monroe and Draper.
(BEEPS)
She does.
Syn water.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Carter.
ALLISON:
You remember Dr. Bell,
the baby bottle lady?
CARTER: Was it syn water?
Yeah. Good thing
we started to test
people from the shower.
We caught Dr. Bell
before her lungs
started to fill.
She would've only had
five minutes after that.
She's the only one?
So far. We can arrest
her drowning symptoms by
artificially respirating her
until we can figure out
what's causing this.
Fargo, didn't you
say something about
syn water in the bloodstream?
Not absorbed through
surface contact.
Has to enter
the bloodstream directly.
All right. Is that
what we're looking at?
Potentially.
Kim's suffering
from a degeneration
of the organic tissue.
Because her original
cell structure had no
Earth-centric immunities.
That was my call
back then,
I thought it would
free up more space
within the cell
for data storage.
And you were right,
but that's why
it's imperative
we access the data
before it disappears.
Before she dies.
We submerge her
in an acid solution.
Break up the individual
nanobytes of data...
You want to dissolve her.
Not easy to consider,
I know, but...
There has
to be another way.
Look, give me 24 hours.
Well, I can give
you until midnight.
That's how long
it will take for us
to prepare the procedure.
Fine.
CARTER: We've done
more analysis of
your water
and we found
something interesting.
The syn water we found
in the victim's body is
perfectly harmless
until it's added directly
to human plasma.
At which point,
Old Faithful.
Then it must
be something within
their specific plasma.
No, sorry,
that was a generic
sample from the infirmary.
There's bad
syn water out there
and I've got
a third victim
on life support.
We're going to have
to shut down your lab
just until we can
test everything.
You also said that
the water that comes
in here is recycled,
so you must
have a filtration
system or something.
Best on or off the planet.
Great, we'll get...
Off the planet?
Synthetic water is
the only way we'll ever
be able to colonize space.
Natural water molecules
can't be compressed,
but syn water...
One canister can start
an entire civilization.
It's perfectly harmless.
(STAMMERS)
(EXHALES)
The isotope bonds
that compress it disappear
once the molecule's reformed.
Right, well,
I have three victims
and a fourth
on life support,
so something is
causing it.
You're a very caring man.
Well, just
call it sympathetic.
Carter, that water
goes everywhere.
Yeah, I know,
that's why I'm
having Dr. Rivers
check and maybe
she can find out
where it's coming from.
Well, she has
the most advanced
tracking system on...
Or off the planet,
yeah, I know.
Yeah, well, we need to
figure this out before
someone else goes down.
Well, I'm trying.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Is there something wrong?
No, I'm...
(STAMMERING) Yeah,
my back hurts,
my ankles are sore.
Feels like
my organs are
up in my lungs.
I'm going to...
I don't know
how you do it.
Well, you just do it.
Come on, Henry
wants us in there.
(PANTING)
All right. Let's go
for ice cream after.
Two scoops.
Yep.
So you can save
me and my data?
Manlius came up
with the wrong solution?
Yeah, this is
a nutrient bath
with antibiotics.
Will it filter the data
out of my cells?
And repair them
at the same time.
Okay, we're all set.
So are we.
Nowjust try to keep
still and relax, okay?
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
It's a hydroelectric
cooling system.
Puppy puts out
a lot of heat.
Starting to download now.
(BUZZING)
(BLEEPING)
It's working.
(ALARM BEEPING)
Henry?
Turn it off!
(MACHINERY POWERING DOWN)
Oh, no.
(SIGHS)
Look, I understand that this
is emotionally complicated
and I mean no disrespect,
but Kim... Kim is
a sophisticated
storage device.
Her personality
was a construct
of the computer
and she was
never human.
We're bringing her back,
but not for long.
She is degrading.
But any hope
we have of retrieving
what's left inside her,
(SIGHS) means that
we have to act fast.
We need to sacrifice her
to save everything
she has to tell us.
Could we just give
them a moment alone?
Thanks.
I'm sorry, Henry.
(SIGHING)
Kim.
Henry.
(CHUCKLES)
I'll, uh...
Yeah, thanks.
Welcome back.
(CHUCKLES)
Hey, those cooling pipes,
could they be filled
with synthetic water?
Well, yeah, they are.
Its conductivity is
vastly superior to
other coolants. Why?
Well, that chamber
was pumped full
of radiation.
Yeah, that's why
we use the shield.
The coolant pipes are
inside the shield.
Couldn't that
affect the water?
CARTER: I just
talked to Manlius.
Your water isn't the problem,
but your isotopes may be.
Could they be affected
when the water's
exposed to radiation?
If the level of radiation
is high enough, it might
compress them again.
Oh, like in your, um,
never-ending canister?
Exactly, and if that's
what's in their lungs...
Right, now,
Allison said also you
had a tracking system
of some sort,
is that true?
I know everywhere
my water goes.
It's a closed system
that never comes
in contact
with nature's water cycle.
Dr. Manlius' lab
is right there.
Now that's where
the radiation came from.
Now where does the water
go after that?
(MONITOR BEEPING)
I'll need a time.
Uh, first test was
about noon yesterday.
Okay. There was only
one flush from his lab
at 12:08 and it went to...
Into the gym.
How'd you know?
That's when
the dead attendant
started her shift.
This is hard for you.
I shut myself down before
because I didn't want to
cause you any pain.
And Kim would not have
wanted that, either.
But you're not Kim.
I know that.
You do have her laugh.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
And her mind.
And...
Her spirit.
And she'll always be
a part of you.
I'm just a copy, Henry.
And you have to let me go.
I have a mission.
We both do.
Then let's see
this through.
Well, the hydroelectric
pipes lead right here,
so the question is,
who was in the steam
room yesterday at noon?
(SIGHS) There was a group
of very catty women.
Would that be
Monroe, Draper and Bell?
(TYPING)
Yeah, exactly right.
There's a chance
they inhaled the steam
made from the irradiated
syn water.
So that's how it got
into their bloodstream
and mixed with their plasma.
lfthey inhaled it all
the way to their lungs,
then yeah.
Hang on, it looks like there
was one other person
in there with them.
A late arrival.
Last name Fontana.
Uh, Tess?
(COUGHING)
Excuse me, excuse me!
ELECTRONIC VOICE:
Section Five, ocular
identification required.
Better make it fast.
(BUZZING)
(PANTING)
Invalid retinal scan.
(GRUNTS) Come on!
(ALARM BEEPING)
Security code three.
Come on!
Security lockdown engaged.
(ALARM BLARING)
(GASPING)
(COUGHING)
Where's Tess?
Stuck in that elevator.
Some kind of security problem.
Did Fargo test her
with the other women?
No, you ruled out
that shower connection
before we got to her. Why?
How long has
she been in there?
A few minutes.
I'll get an emergency team.
No time. She only has five
minutes before she drowns!
Get him in
that elevator shaft.
(GRUNTING) Why is
it always heights?
ALLISON: (ON HEADSET)
I've entered the security code
for the hatch.
I'm still trying to
get manual override
in the elevator.
(GRUNTS)
Wait, I got her!
Tess?
CARTER: All right,
she has a pulse,
but she's not breathing!
A medical team's on the way.
Yeah, well,
that's going
to be too late.
(PANTING)
(GASPING)
(COUGHING)
You're going to be okay.
Keep putting air
in her lungs.
They're going to continue
filling with fluid until
we can drain them.
Uh...
Not how I saw
our first kiss,
but I'm going to breathe
for you, okay?
You're going to be okay.
How are you feeling?
It hurts to breathe.
They're draining
the water from your lungs
as fast as they can.
I'm scared.
You'll be fine.
(EXHALES)
Just rest.
Hey, guys, give me
some good news.
Well, I wish there was.
We can keep her alive
in here like Dr. Bell.
Well, that's a start,
but it's not a solution.
The compressed water
she inhaled in the steam room
could take months to expel.
Her organs could
give out before then.
I'm sorry.
(EXHALING)
She loved you, Henry.
And I loved her.
Got to say goodbye to you
Got to really, really try
And I won't...
Okay, activating laser.
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
should undo the bonds
that hold her form together.
As that happens,
the data should
begin to release.
(SIGHS)
Oh, my God.
Kim gave this
to you, Henry.
You'll always have
a part of her.
(SNIFFLING)
Yes, lwill.
I want to hold you tight
Like you were all mine
I might live my life with you
All I want to do
is live my life
with you
Download complete.
Looks like
we got it all.
(SNIFFLES)
I am so sorry
for his loss.
How's Tess?
Um...
She's not good.
Maybe we're not
putting the right
technology together.
There's someone I need
to introduce you to.
There you go.
Will it work?
All depends on Manlius.
If he can calibrate
his radiation correctly,
it should be able to
break the specific
molecular bond
and release all
the compressed syn water
inside of her intact.
And if it doesn't?
He could decompress
all the remaining
syn water at once.
And she'll drown.
Yeah, we wouldn't be
able to drain it
quickly enough.
We've got her
in a nutrient bath
that Kim and I developed.
That'll protect her
from the radiation
long enough for the syn
molecules to get released.
And once they're out,
then we can all breathe
easier, especially Tess.
Thank you, Henry.
MANLIUS: All right,
I need to take
the respirator now.
You will have to
go undenNater and
breathe with this.
Until we can disperse
enough molecules for
your lungs to empty,
it will feel
like you're drowning.
Tess, I know you can
do this. All right?
(BUZZING)
Okay, it's working
on my end.
(WHIRRING)
I'm not tracking any release.
Jeez.
Come on. Come on, Tess.
I don't know how much
longer I can expose her.
It's working!
We have release.
The compressed molecules
are coming out of
her lungs intact.
She's just got to hold on.
She can do it.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
What happened?
She's clear.
(GASPING)
(EXHALES)
Ice cream?
Just what I wanted.
You know,
I'm starting to
get used to this.
I've got to say,
it's exhausting, but, um,
it's kind of nice.
I wasn't very good being
around when Abby was
pregnant with Zoe,
so, um, thanks.
(CHUCKLES)
And when is our
first birthing class?
(LAUGHS)
Oh, Carter,
you remember this?
Uh, yeah, yeah,
that's the, um...
The high-tech baby
monitor from the shower.
The thing that's supposed
to make you feel what
the baby feels, right?
Right, or...
Instead of connecting
me to the baby,
it connected you to me,
which is why
you've been having
all these symptoms.
Oh.
I thought, uh...
Well,
good news is that
we can turn it off.
Yeah.
You know we can't stay
connected forever.
Life is going to change
for me pretty quickly.
And it's changing for you.
But,
(BEEPS)
I think you should, you know,
go be with Tess right now.
You sure?
Yeah, well, you know,
right after you rub my feet.
(LAUGHING)
Ow!
I'll do it nice,
I'll do it nice.
Gentle.
Iwill, Iwill.
Hey.
Well, well, well.
You seem awfully happy.
I feel like
I lost 10 pounds.
How are you feeling?
Well, actually,
I was hoping to go to
that asteroid event tonight.
Well, it doesn't
happen that often
and it's pretty special.
Well...
If you'd like,
maybe we could
watch it together.
You know,
I never got to thank
you for saving my life.
Well, Manly did that.
I meant in the elevator.
That was some kiss.
That was CPR.
So is this.
That's not CPR.
No, you're right,
but maybe we should
try it again
just to be sure.
(STAMMERS) Yeah,
I just tend not to
do that in public.
Maybe you should start.